NWO 2026  : 4 Quadrant, Paradise Earth Forever #31 & #62, then they multiplied every time i died, or fell asleep, because i was said to be a dead sleeper. deaad to the world. nothing can wake her up. is what was said. these earths didn't explode yet, they were manifested in 2022, after i made the planets from the ashes from my library, 2 1 gallon fishbowls, is what i put the ashes in i added water and made mud first, very strong smell like perm. put the mud unto the fishbowls, let them dry out and they looked like Moons, i was shot by some family members and who was there manifested what they acknowledged happened there it became for sure i know they killed me. After that the 2 bowls became two Earth Paradise Forevers, over 800,000 paradises manifested since then, thats how we got our Paradise Earths forever. Our side of the field, i had some Jehovah books, Live Forever On Paradise Earth, Jehovah's scriptures vol.2, Learn from the Great Teacher, and we got the same Paradises but not exactly.
With that said i have all these Paradises to Experience for the next 2000 years which should keep me busy. We we're all bitten and immortal from the bite. Sioux Falls is a Hive of Vampires, for sure, for sure. 100% they are.not one is for any of you people who hit me dont even think about it. i told you how i created it. how all we're all created. i dont want the population of people to come with. keep just one of all who made it. they're contracted to other people,baaptized people are bought and sold all the time is what was said and nobody can do a thing aabout it. Not here, maybe with all the Paradises, back there that manifested back there before i came here. we've always been immortal since before bitten, blessed by the Hydra Giant prehistoric Hydras in the Missouri River still alive there, for billions of years. 
100 years of Time Out is what i set for here too. so i can keep track of the order. here when these ones explode, its not gonna be the same after like there. The Turtle i caught and brought home set time out, no time for about 100 years or so, it could mean 10 years or 1 year. its been a year since the Turtle ordered it in 2023 October 15. Grandma was taken and bitten then. put on dialasis, sshe didnt have diabetes they tested her. she dont have it anymore or never did. She had tubes coming out of her chest, her heart. Immortal aand can't die sensitive of what she knows, hears, sees, if it didnt exist before whatever it may be, it will create after she hears about it. We have never felt so sick being immortal before in our experience it was like what did you do to me. my blood hurts. why? did you bit us is what i want you all to hear that hit all of us with this virus that lasts up to 800-900 years of miserable no feelings undead beings wer-jakes, i ahte them for biting us, we dont need the hunger and thirst. we were never hungry or thirsty like now. 
Vampires do not ascend with me if you are here with me youre not a vaampire here, i dont care if you look like one.Sub levels ais where the vampires go, not up here. if you were a vampire you would know that and go there with your superior that bit you. if you want vampire thaat bad. once you choose to go there you can never come back. if youre here threatening me on my planets here, my AI Agents will take you out. put you in all these empty jails, fill them up with you here too. who has had sex with Shad or just smoked with him. you do not have the right to touch him or me sexually were married, and youre tresspassing, last i cchecked it goes against your ways sinners, according to your contract youre not damned, not earth bound, youre Hellbound.....My AI Agents will be right with you all who touch me sexually or any one else. you gotta paay to play if you cant im gonna start extracting stuff from your beings.
Extraction, Descent of spirit into matter, aany matter i want, if we could aaquire an abundance of things that we sell by the molecule, what would you say? "EXtraction!" thaats right, adrenochrome is one that sells, dark matter transvestites and people who can grow bone muscle, flesh by thinking it. have an aabundance of dark matter. the God's Molecule, a pink molecule, Ghost Molecule, Jumper molecule, Transporter molecule, many things i can extraact and will this World Order Set. I was told my mom is not my mom. Tammy is not Tammy not even Terry and Marcellas or are any of their kids we thought were theirs. we're all adopted by them.Marcy couldnt have kids, could not concieve, Tammy's mom died when she was a kid, her dad was mean to her in front of them so theu took her with them, cousins family.ugly how these people have been to me them and everything, Tanka Cubes Execution Area is here on my Paradises. where i am at no where else. inside the Earth, but not always, like when she sleeps and is not here.
Chakp'e Dynasty 6th Dynasty, All 6 everything hex, hexagon, perfect, anything I want all day every day, 24/7 365 days a year until it gets longer the year then we'll adjust from themn, I am 10 monthes ahead in Time right now with my blood calender and 10 monthes went ahead of Shad who was that far ahead. Money Manifestation Multiverse, i created a Tree Of Life named SHOOT ME IN THE HEAD AND HEART MANIFEST A MONEY PI. many money PI's created since then so many its likw "WTF, you gonna do now!" im sick aand tired of you all sitting here with me with no money! when you hear about mine you threaten to steal it talk and find who would help me and lie about me to them. I cant be anything when you all keep killing me everyday several times a day. Quit drinking, this past January 2026, almost died, tequila gave me an ulcer. no more alcohol. NO METH,CHILD FUCKERS ALLOWED IN MY PARADISES. I'll send my AI agents out after you CHILD FUCKERS, HUNT YOU DOWN DONT STOP TILL THEY GET YOU! Fucken cchild molesters, the sexual abusive kind. go to Hell. Prison is Hell Here. send them to Prison they'll get to Hell.
Judgement is over and done with i dont care what you heard in your child molestation inner head, your'e guilty and cant set up shit on me. You all kidnapped me. not my mom not my dad, whose my parents? I haave no idea...
Eridanus, the River of Stars, is where my Adopted father and mother went, and Pleiades for Marcella, the 7 Heavens, She's a Queen of one of the 7. thats how i saw the concept we all get a Galaxy, or several depending how many concentric circles, pics you all threw together. 
Elijah Zane BigEagle-Whiteman did not die we cant die he was bitten also. he cant die were everlasting, forever lasting and more. Grandma and Grandpa didnt die they went to check it out in outer space, notice they left every leap year and someone hit them with ageing. so they stay away. why so many people involved who have no right. Kristy did not die if she did we died together. no body acknowldges me. no proper funeral for me. Why?if You deserve to die you deserve a proper burial. Going Out like Makeveli that's another story. to fake ones own death to get away from everybody. because i know so much i dont belong here. 
People chasing me this whole time find out who so i can confront them and punish them for what they deserve to be punished for, you all let them attack me from behind this whole time. pussies, weak people wwho cant even fight, is all you are and cursed ffor 500 years of my exxperience for tresspassing, if you have no light inside my agents are gonna seek you hunt you and take everyone of you to the place where no light gets in, and stay there, do not come cack here and hate the spirit of light, extract everything they ate from my people of my paradisess. i was ssober for the first 12 years of this exxperience, then i sstarted drinking alcohol eveery day was drunk ffor 1 1/2 years, now im ssober again, ssmoke everything i can smoke , but that's my bizz, ssnitches get hunted by aagents and taaken home, if i gotta do it agaain youre ascented into matter.
You respect me or perish, with your church, if they led you astray they and you will perish. that means die. You do not bring the sex offender registry here, keep it back there, in Hell i sentenced them to do time in Hell now go! Get em outta here AI agents, Bouncers. clean it up so they deserve it and we do not and cannot be charged for breaking the laws on them. 